Docs: WC V2 Migration information for @web3-onboard/walletconnect package (#480)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/advanced/migrating-from-v1.0.md

In the meantime, you can list all the wallet mobile links from our [Cloud Explorer API](https://docs.walletconnect.com/2.0/cloud/explorer) and integrate our `@walletconnect/ethereum-provider` package using the latest version available on NPM which you can find [here](https://npmjs.com/package/@walletconnect/ethereum-provider).

#### For web3-onboard integrations

> If you are using the WalletConnect package with [Blocknative's web3-onboard](https://onboard.blocknative.com/docs/wallets/walletconnect#install)the migration is straight foward and the latest WC package is backwards compatible (until the WC v1 sunset).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the WalletConnect package with [Blocknative's web3-onboard](https://onboard.blocknative.com/docs/wallets/walletconnect#install) the migration is straight forward. The latest WC package is backwards compatible (until the WC v1 sunset).
```
